README.md, before:

# redditwp

Get wallpapers from your choice of subreddits!


```
usage: redditwp [-h] [--min-score MIN_SCORE] [--debuglevel DEBUGLEVEL]
                [--directory DIRECTORY] [--list {hot,top,new,random,rising}]
                [--time {hour,day,week,month,year,all}] [--res RES]
                [--count COUNT] [-subfolders] [-no-clean] [-recursive-clean]
                [-no-download] [-nsfw] [-ignore-cache]
                [subreddits]

Get wallpapers from your choice of subreddits!

positional arguments:
  subreddits            Your choice of subreddits where to download Images
                        (default: None)

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --min-score MIN_SCORE
                        Minimum score to download (default: 500)
  --debuglevel DEBUGLEVEL
                        Set debug level (default: 20)
  --directory DIRECTORY
                        Download directory (default: $HOME/images/wallpapers)
  --list {hot,top,new,random,rising}
                        Subreddit list (default: hot)
  --time {hour,day,week,month,year,all}
                        Subreddit time (dont work with new or hot) (default:
                        all)
  --res RES             Minimum resolution to save (used with clean) (default:
                        1920x1080)
  --count COUNT         Number of threads to check (default: 25)
  -subfolders           Store in subfolders with subredditname (default:
                        False)
  -no-clean             Remove small images (default: False)
  -recursive-clean      Clean folders recursive (default: False)
  -force-clean          Don't prompt before cleaning folders (default: False)
  -no-download          If you just want to run clean (default: False)
  -nsfw                 Download nsfw (default: False)
  -ignore-cache         Ignore previously cached urls (default: False)

```

Commit message:

Added aspect cleaning and resize

README.md, after:

# redditwp

Get wallpapers from your choice of subreddits!


```
usage: redditwp [-h] [--min-score MIN_SCORE] [--debuglevel DEBUGLEVEL]
                [--directory DIRECTORY] [--list {hot,top,new,random,rising}]
                [--time {hour,day,week,month,year,all}] [--res RES]
                [--count COUNT] [-subfolders] [-no-clean] [-recursive-clean]
                [-no-download] [-nsfw] [-ignore-cache]
                [subreddits]

Get wallpapers from your choice of subreddits!

positional arguments:
  subreddits            Your choice of subreddits where to download Images
                        (default: None)

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --min-score MIN_SCORE
                        Minimum score to download (default: 500)
  --debuglevel DEBUGLEVEL
                        Set debug level (default: 20)
  --directory DIRECTORY
                        Download directory (default: $HOME/images/wallpapers)
  --list {hot,top,new,random,rising}
                        Subreddit list (default: hot)
  --time {hour,day,week,month,year,all}
                        Subreddit time (dont work with new or hot) (default:
                        all)
  --res RES             Minimum resolution to save (used with clean) (default:
                        1920x1080)
  --aspect ASPECT       Aspect ratio (used with clean / clean-by-aspect)
                        (default: 16:9)
  --count COUNT         Number of threads to check (default: 25)
  -subfolders           Store in subfolders with subredditname (default:
                        False)
  -no-clean             Remove small images (default: False)
  -recursive-clean      Clean folders recursive (default: False)
  -force-clean          Don't prompt before cleaning folders (default: False)
  -resize-larger        Resize images larger than the specified minimum
                        resolution (default: False)
  -clean-by-aspect      Removed images with incorrect aspect (default: False)
  -no-download          If you just want to run clean (default: False)
  -nsfw                 Download nsfw (default: False)
  -ignore-cache         Ignore previously cached urls (default: False)

```
